---
title: STM32定时器学习介绍
slug: storywriter/grammar
renderNumberedHeading: true
grammar_abbr: true
grammar_table: true
grammar_defList: true
grammar_emoji: true
grammar_footnote: true
grammar_ins: true
grammar_mark: true
grammar_sub: true
grammar_sup: true
grammar_checkbox: true
grammar_mathjax: true
grammar_flow: true
grammar_sequence: true
grammar_code: true
grammar_highlight: true
grammar_html: true
grammar_linkify: true
grammar_typographer: true
grammar_video: true
grammar_audio: true
grammar_attachment: true
grammar_mermaid: true
grammar_classy: true
grammar_decorate: false
grammar_attrs: false
grammar_cjkEmphasis: true
grammar_cjkRuby: true
grammar_center: true
grammar_align: true
grammar_tableExtra: true
tags: 'PWM,输出比较,输入捕获,PWM捕获'
---

[toc]
# 输出比较模式